W-22352449 *new* MuleSoft Platform MCP Server docs (#48)
mulesoft/docs-mulesoft-mcp-server: modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

= MuleSoft MCP Servers Overview

> MuleSoft offers two MCP servers that implement the Model Context Protocol (MCP) for AI assistants. Both MCP servers integrate with MuleSoft Vibes in Anypoint Code Builder and with other MCP-aware editors such as Cursor, Windsurf, and VS Code.

Reviewer: SuperAgent suggestion for short description (leads with user benefit rather than what MuleSoft offers):
MuleSoft MCP Servers implement the Model Context Protocol (MCP) so AI assistants in your IDE can work with MuleSoft products and services. MuleSoft DX MCP Server supports API design, application deployment, and asset management. MuleSoft Platform MCP Server supports service discovery, policy enforcement, and traffic monitoring across your organization.

> MuleSoft offers two MCP servers that implement the Model Context Protocol (MCP) for AI assistants. Both MCP servers integrate with MuleSoft Vibes in Anypoint Code Builder and with other MCP-aware editors such as Cursor, Windsurf, and VS Code.

Author: ```suggestion
MuleSoft MCP Servers implement the Model Context Protocol (MCP) so AI assistants in your IDE can work with MuleSoft products and services. MuleSoft DX MCP Server supports API design, application deployment, and asset management. MuleSoft Platform MCP Server supports service discovery, policy enforcement, and traffic monitoring across your organization.
```

* Instance deployment and management to CloudHub 2.0 and Runtime Fabric
* Application security

xref:getting-started.adoc[]

== MuleSoft Platform MCP Server

MuleSoft Platform MCP Server provides governed access to your entire IT landscape, including APIs, agents, MCP servers, and LLMs, to accelerate production-ready AI at scale. It helps you scan, discover, govern, and monitor services across the infrastructure you already run.

Typical platform areas you address with MuleSoft Platform MCP Server include:

* Service scanning across agentic platforms
* Discovery of APIs, agents, MCP servers, and LLMs in one place
* Policy enforcement for PII detection, semantic routing, and token controls
* Monitoring of traffic, cost, and performance across services

> Both MCP servers integrate with MuleSoft Vibes in Anypoint Code Builder and Connector Builder, and with other MCP-aware editors such as Cursor, Windsurf, and VS Code.

Reviewer: Should this be deleted? It duplicates the line in the intro.

> Both MCP servers integrate with MuleSoft Vibes in Anypoint Code Builder and Connector Builder, and with other MCP-aware editors such as Cursor, Windsurf, and VS Code.

Author: ```suggestion
```
